our hagebaumarkt and flora land on
first july 2013 opened in
gate the gates to a new one
generation of Hardware times
gartencenter
modern and innovative but also practical
and he has become clear
our new market to more than 10,000
square meters we offer our customers
a complete offer for handyman and
Garden lovers around 60,000 articles
are available for selection
Our floral land is a colorful oasis
everything is here balcony and
beautiful garden always makes you fresh and in
top quality
a special highlight is our for
division in addition to all sorts of accessories we have
a large selection of pets like
little rabbit fish turtles and
many other creatures make hearts
Our animal lovers beat faster
to let
We stand by our advice with our customers
did to the side
no matter what projects you have in front of you
Do you want a new one for your home?
want to give painting or one
wallpapers need bath or bath
want to refurbish the kitchen
With us you will always find a professional
who gives her the best advice
Service is very important to us
We do not just advise but pack
also with
The questions of our customers are very important to us
important together we find for each
problem in home and garden a solution
We are looking for the right products
out or find alternatives and
give tips on construction and operation
strong brands and a large selection
our products are highest
claims
also in the equipment of our market
We pay attention to quality led lighting
underfloor heating roof greening and one
solar plant the hagebaumarkt and the
flora country combine efficiency and
environmental Protection
that our market can shine today
we owe our roots
Together, the companies have hornung
stutensee and money from landau a new
generation of hardware store and garden center
built
For more information, see
www.tv.de